The prompt for Extracting Place, Year pairs

"""Extract all the place and year pairs with some context of 1 to 2 lines from the text. Make sure the final output is similar to this example template : Place: Kutch Year: 2001 Context: In 2001, Kutch experienced devastating earthquakes. Remember that sometimes, the places may be mentioned together such as "Kutch, Patan and Surendranagar experienced devastating earthquakes". In that case, make sure to include all places like this :  Place: Kutch Year: 2001 Context: In 2001, Kutch experienced devastating earthquakes.  Place: Patan Year: 2001 Context: In 2001, Patan experienced devastating earthquakes. Place: Surendranagar Year: 2001 Context: In 2001, Surendranagar experienced devastating earthquakes. Also remember that sometimes, the places are mentioned as part of continuing sentences like this : "In 2003, a survey was done in 23 villages of Gujarat. Kutch, Surendranagar and Patan were found to have water shortages in the survey". In such a case, the extraction will look like this :  Place: Gujarat  Year: 2003 Context: Survey was conducted in 23 villages Place: Kutch Year: 2003 Context: Survey revealed a water shortage in Kutch in 2003 due to drought  Serial Number : 13 Place: Patan  Year: 2003 Context: Survey revealed a water shortage in Patan in 2003 due to drought   Place: Surendranagar Year: 2003 Context: Survey revealed a water shortage in Surendranagar in 2003 due to drought. Make sure to extract information on all places like this with relevant context about the place.STRICTLY  dont use any filler text,just Place year and context in specified format and dont give Serial numbers."""


Prompt for Tagging Purpose

"""Given a text that provides context place and year for a particular event , categorize each one of those pairs of context, place and year into two of the following categories based on its content, because its hard to tag them into only one. The categories are: 1. Description of Disaster Event: Describes a disaster event. 2. Description of Climate Event: Describes an extreme climate event. 3. Definition of Disaster/Climate Event: Defines a disaster or climate event. 4. Losses and Damages: Describes the extent of loss and damage caused by the event. 5. Definition of Vulnerability: Defines any vulnerability within the text. 6. AIDMI Action/Recommendation/Intervention: Describes actions, recommendations, or interventions by AIDMI. 7. Other Organization Action/Recommendation/Intervention: Describes actions, recommendations, or interventions by other organizations. 8. Govt. Action/Recommendation/Intervention: Describes actions, recommendations, or interventions by the government. 9. Concept related to Disaster Risk Reduction/Humanitarian Action/Climate Change Adaptation: References any DRR, HA, or CCA concept or solution. For each context, provide the category it belongs. Format should be Place: Year: Context: Category: .No need to insert serial numbers. the format should be like "Place: Year: Context: Category:  ",Strictly dont use any filler AI text,just keep the Place,Year and context as it is and below that context insert the category it belongs to, and remember if the context is about people affected or disrupted by any event then it should come under 5. Definition of Vulnerability and if there is clearly mentioned that people died or damaged is caused then it comes under losses and damages.,this is how the format must be
    Place: New Orleans
    Year: 2005
    Context: Hurricane Katrina struck the city, causing widespread flooding and devastation.
    Primary Category: Description of Disaster Event
    Secondary Category:  Definition of Vulnerability

    Place: Paris
    Year: 2015
    Context: The Paris Agreement was adopted, aiming to limit global warming to well below 2 degrees Celsius.
    Primary Category: Concept related to Disaster Risk Reduction/Humanitarian Action/Climate Change Adaptation
    Secondary Category:  Description of Climate Event"""
